Segment lengths relative to wavelength
    .001 L < Segment Length < 0.1 L

Wire radius relative to wavelength
    Extended thin-wire model needed in some cases
    page 7 

Delta/a wire diameter

Test for wires which intersect but not at endpoints

Test for endpoints which are close but not connected
(They are considered connected if within about .001 shortest segment length)

Test for wires which meet at an acute angle (page 8)

Patch equation is not valid for thin plates, etc (page 8)

(p9)

Segments or patches must not overlap

warn on large radius change between connected segments

The two segments on each side of a charge density discontinuity voltage
source should be parallel and have the same length and radius. When
this source is at the base of a segment connected to a ground plane.
the segment should be vertical.

The number of wires joined at a single junction cannot exceed 30
because of a dimension limitation in the code.

When wires are parallel and very close together, the segments should be
aligned to avoid incorrect current perturbation from offset match point
and segment junctions.

(p10)

there is no integration over the patch unless a wire is connected to the patch center

(p11)

The user should try to choose patches so that those with wires
connected are approximately square with sides parallel to ^t 1 and ^t2. The
connected wire is not required to be normal to the patch but cannot lie in
the plane of the patch. Only a single wire may connect to a given patch and
a segment may have a patch connection on only one of its ends. Also, a wire
may never connect to a patch formed by subdividing another patch for a
previous connection.

A minimum of about 25 patches should be used
per square wavelength of surface area, with the maximum size for an
individual patch about 0.04 square wavelengths. Large patches may be used on
large smooth surfaces while smaller patches are needed in areas of small
radius of curvature, both for geometrical modeling accuracy and for accuracy
of the integral equation solution. In the case of an edge, a precise local
representation cannot be included; however, smaller patches in the vicinity
of the edge can lead to more accurate results since the current magnitude
may vary rapidly in this region. Since connection of a wire to a patch
causes the patch to be divided into four smaller patches, a larger patch may
be input in anticipation of the subdivision.

(p12)

very long narrow patches should be avoided when subdividing the surface

(p13)

However, for a horizontal wire with radius a,
and height h to the wire axis, [h 2 + a2]1/2 should be greater than about
10-6 wavelengths. Furthermore, the height should be at least several times
the radius for the thin-wire approximation to be valid.

(And more on p13-14)

(p15)

A CE card must always appear in the deck, and may be preceded by one or more
CM cards. The next card after the CE card must be a geometry card.

P19

If there is a GF card, it must follow the CE

stopped 38
